doc(release): create v4.4.0 (#5977)
tracim/tracim: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.4.0 / 2022-10-25

### New Features

- Featuring a new borderless design
- Modified comments are now easily identifiable

> - Code preview on advanced search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code preview available (through advanced edition)   
```

  [#5844](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5844),
  [#5878](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5878)

### Breaking/Important change

- :warning: Two new colors (`sidebar/font` and `sidebar/logo`) were added in `branding/color.json`: this requires all existing instances to update their `frontend/dist/assets/branding/color.json` files to add these new colors. Otherwise the backend won't start at all. For more details see: [#5860](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5860).
- Norwegian has been added as a possible interface language. If you have Custom Properties specific to your instance, you will need to make specific translations as well. See the documentation at `backend/doc/user_custom_properties.md`
- A new variable was added `ui.notes.code_sample_languages` (`TRACIM_UI__NOTES__CODE_SAMPLE_LANGUAGES`) that defines the list of languages available to create code samples in the notes.
- Some API URLs are deprecated. See [#5860](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5860) for more details.

### Known Issues

- The positioning of the notification wall is to be improved (issue [#5965](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5965))

> - The "My profile" button does not change its name when viewing as an admin on another user's profile (issue [#5975](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5975))

Reviewer 2: The "My profile" button does not change its name when using admin rights to check the profile of an other user.

> - The "My profile" button does not change its name when viewing as an admin on another user's profile (issue [#5975](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5975))

Author: ```suggestion
- 

The "My profile" button does not change its name when using admin rights to check the profile of an other user. (issue [#5975](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5975))
```

# 4.4.0 / 2022-10-27

### New Features

- Featuring a new borderless design
- Modified comments are now easily identifiable
- Code preview available (through advanced edition)   
- The user interface is now available in Norwegian 
- Video player for video previews
- Improved pertinence of notifications about tasks
- UX / UI improvements (sidebar, header, news, mobile)

### Fixed Issues

> - Frontend: [#4600](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4600),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Frontend: [#3497](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3497),
  [#4600](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4600),
```

# 4.4.0 / 2022-10-27

### New Features

> - Featuring a new borderless design

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Featuring a new font and borderless design
```

- Modified comments are now easily identifiable
- Code preview available (through advanced edition)   
- The user interface is now available in Norwegian 
- Video player for video previews
- Improved pertinence of notifications about tasks

> - UX / UI improvements (sidebar, header, news, mobile)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- UX / UI improvements (sidebar, header, activities, news, mobile)
```

### Fixed Issues

- Frontend: [#3497](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/3497),
  [#4600](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4600),
  [#5510](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5510),
  [#5526](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5526),
  [#5625](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5625),
  [#5747](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5747),
  [#5748](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5748),
  [#5760](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5760),

>   [#5858](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5858)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [#5858](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5858),
  [#5957](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5957)
```

# 4.4.0 / 2022-10-25

> ### New Features
> 
> - Added Spanish on the welcome page
> - Added Norwegian to the supported languages
> - Updated translations : Spanish, French, English, Portuguese
> - UX / UI improvements (sidebar, header, news)
> - UX / UI improvements on small screens
> - Updated sidebar colors
> - Video player for video previews
> - Modified comments are now easily identifiable
> - Featuring a new borderless design
> - Added code blocks to TinyMCE
> - Improved pertinence of notifications about tasks
> 
> For technical users:
> - Added curl example on api documentation
> - Improved documentation
> 

Reviewer: I think we can simplify a little, here a suggestion

```suggestion
- Featuring a new borderless design
- Modified comments are now easily identifiable
- Code preview on advanced search
- The user interface is now available in Norwegian 
- Video player for video previews
- Improved pertinence of notifications about tasks
- UX / UI improvements (sidebar, header, news, mobile)
```
I also changed the order from most important to less important (imo).

### Fixed Issues

> - Frontend: [#5882](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5822),
>   [#5747](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5747),
>   [#5858](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5858),
>   [#4600](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4600),
>   [#5625](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5625),
>   [#5951](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5951),
>   [#5510](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5510),
>   [#5748](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5748),
>   [#5939](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5939),
>   [#5526](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5526),
>   [#5960](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5960),
>   [#5760](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5760)
> - Backend: [#5844](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5844),
>   [#5878](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5878),
>   [#5526](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5526)

Reviewer: The issues should be sorted and I remove the issues made during this version.
```suggestion
- Frontend: [#4600](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/4600),
  [#5510](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5510),
  [#5526](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5526),
  [#5625](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5625),
  [#5747](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5747),
  [#5748](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5748),
  [#5760](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5760),
  [#5858](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5858)
- Backend: [#5526](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5526),
  [#5844](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5844),
  [#5878](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5878)
```

### Breaking/Important change

> For more details see: [#5860](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5860)
> - :warning: Two new colors (`sidebar/font` and `sidebar/logo`) were added in `branding/color.json`: this requires all existing instances to update their `frontend/dist/assets/branding/color.json` files to add these new colors. Otherwise the backend won't start at all. You can see an example at `frontend/dist/assets/branding.sample/color.json`.
> - Norwegian has been added as a possible interface language. If you have Custom Properties specific to your instance, you will need to make specific translations as well. See the documentation at `backend/doc/user_custom_properties.md`
> - Configuration: A new variable was added `ui.notes.code_sample_languages` (`TRACIM_UI__NOTES__CODE_SAMPLE_LANGUAGES`) that defines the list of languages available to create code samples in the notes. By default, its value is
> ```
> ui.notes.code_sample_languages = markup:Markup,css:CSS,clike:C-like,javascript:JavaScript,apacheconf:Apache Configuration,arduino:Arduino,aspnet:ASP.NET,bash:Bash,batch:Batch,bbcode:BBcode,c:C,csharp:C#,cpp:C++,cobol:COBOL,css-extras:CSS Extras,csv:CSV,diff:Diff,django:Django/Jinja2,docker:Docker,erlang:Erlang,excel-formula:Excel Formula,fortran:Fortran,git:Git,haskell:Haskell,ignore:.ignore,ini:Ini,java:Java,jq:JQ,json:JSON,json5:JSON5,jsonp:JSONP,latex:LaTeX,lisp:Lisp,lua:Lua,makefile:Makefile,markdown:Markdown,matlab:MATLAB,nginx:nginx,objectivec:Objective-C,ocaml:OCaml,pascal:Pascal,perl:Perl,php:PHP,phpdoc:PHPDoc,php-extras:PHP Extras,powershell:PowerShell,properties:.properties,python:Python,r:R,jsx:React JSX,tsx:React TSX,regex:Regex,ruby:Ruby,rust:Rust,sql:SQL,vbnet:VB.Net,vim:vim,visual-basic:Visual Basic,yaml:YAML,wiki:Wiki markup
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Two new colors (`sidebar/font` and `sidebar/logo`) were added in `branding/color.json`: this requires all existing instances to update their `frontend/dist/assets/branding/color.json` files to add these new colors. Otherwise the backend won't start at all. For more details see: [#5860](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5860).
- Norwegian has been added as a possible interface language. If you have Custom Properties specific to your instance, you will need to make specific translations as well. See the documentation at `backend/doc/user_custom_properties.md`
- A new variable was added `ui.notes.code_sample_languages` (`TRACIM_UI__NOTES__CODE_SAMPLE_LANGUAGES`) that defines the list of languages available to create code samples in the notes.
- Some API URLs are deprecated. See [#5860](https://github.com/tracim/tracim/issues/5860) for more details.
```
